chore: fix the errors from the addon-update-checker, fixes #41 (#42)
ddev/ddev-sqlsrv: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## The Issue

- Fixes #REPLACE_ME_WITH_RELATED_ISSUE_NUMBER

<!-- Provide a brief description of the issue. -->

## How This PR Solves The Issue

<!-- Describe the key change(s) in this PR that address the issue above. -->

## Manual Testing Instructions

<!-- If this PR changes logic, consider adding additional steps or context to the instructions below. -->

```bash

> ddev add-on get https://github.com/ddev/ddev-addon-template/tarball/refs/pull/REPLACE_ME_WITH_THIS_PR_NUMBER/head

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ddev add-on get https://github.com/ddev/ddev-sqlsrv/tarball/refs/pull/REPLACE_ME_WITH_THIS_PR_NUMBER/head
```

Reviewer: I made a note for myself to add a check for this.
